README.md, before:

=== Simple Google iCalendar Widget ===
Contributors: bramwaas
Tags: ical iCalendar GoogleCalendar
Requires at least: 5.3.0
Tested up to: 5.5.3
Requires PHP: 5.3.0
Stable tag: trunk
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html
 
Widget that displays events from a public google calendar or iCal file.
 
== Description ==


Simple widget to display events from a public google calendar, or another iCal file, in the style of your website.

(Eenvoudige widget om gebeurtenissen van een openbare google agenda, of een ander iCal bestand, te tonen in de style van je website.) 

Google offers some HTML snippets to embed your public Google Calendar into your website.
These are great, but as soon as you want to make a few adjustments to the styling, that goes beyond changing some colors, they're not enough.

Because of that Nico Boehr wrote a very simple widget, that fetches events from a public google calendar and nicely displays them in form of a widget, allowing you to apply all kinds of CSS.
I needed support for repeating events so I extended the widget to give limited support for repaeting events, improved the support for timezones and day-light saving, and made the deafult output in line with a bootstrap 4 list.

== Plugin Features ==

* Calendar widget to display appointments/events of a public Google calendar or other iCal file.
* Small footprint, uses only Google ID of the calendar to get event information via iCal
* Output in unorderd list with Bootstrap 4 listgroup classes and toggle for details.

== Installation ==
* Do the usual setup procedure... you know... downloading... unpacking... uploading... activating. 
Or just install it through the wordpress plugin directory.
* As soon as you activated the plugin, you should see a new widget under Design / Widgets.
Just drag it into your sidebar.
* Fill out all the necessary configuration fields.
 Under Calendar ID enter the calendar ID displayed by Google Calendar, or complete url of a  Google calendar or other iCal file.
 You can find Google calendar ID by going to Calendar Settings / Calendars, clicking on the appropriate calendar, scrolling all the way down to find the Calendar ID at the bottom under the Integrate Calendar section. There's your calendar id.
* You're done!

== Documentation ==

* Gets calendar events via iCal url or google calendar ID
* Displays selected number of events, or events in a selected period from now as listgroup-items
* Displays event start-date and summary; toggle details, description, start-, end-time, location. 
* Displays most common repeating events 
* Frequency Yearly, Monthly, Weekly, Dayly (not parsed Hourly, Minutely ...)
* End of repeating by COUNT or UNTIL
* Exclude events on EXDATE from repeat 
* By day month or by monthday (BYDAY, BYMONTH, BYMONTHDAY) no other by
  (not parsed: BYYEARDAY, BYSETPOS, BYHOUR, BYMINUTE, WKST)
* Respects Timezone and Day Light Saving time 

~~~
see http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc5545.txt for specification of te ical format.
(see 3.3.10. [Page 38] Recurrence Rule in specification
  .____________._________.________._________.________.
  |            |DAILY    |WEEKLY  |MONTHLY  |YEARLY  |
  |____________|_________|________|_________|________|   
  |BYMONTH     |Limit    |Limit   |Limit    |Expand  |
  |____________|_________|________|_________|________|
  |BYMONTHDAY  |Limit    |N/A     |Expand   |Expand  |
  |____________|_________|________|_________|________|
  |BYDAY       |Limit    |Expand  |Note 1   |Note 2  |
  |____________|_________|________|_________|________|
 
    Note 1:  Limit if BYMONTHDAY is present; 
             otherwise, special expand for MONTHLY.

    Note 2:  Limit if BYYEARDAY or BYMONTHDAY is present; otherwise,
             special expand for WEEKLY if BYWEEKNO present; otherwise,
             special expand for MONTHLY if BYMONTH present; otherwise,
             special expand for YEARLY.
~~~
(This widget is a Fork of version 0.7 of that simple google calendar widget by NBoehr
https://nl.wordpress.org/plugins/simple-google-calendar-widget/)

== Copyright and License ==

This project is licensed under the [GNU GPL](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html), version 2 or later.
2017&thinsp;&ndash;&thinsp;2019 &copy; [Bram Waasdorp](http://www.waasdorpsoekhan.nl).

== Changelog ==

* 1.2.0 adjustment not to display time on events that have DTSTART in DATE format instead of DATETIME format after a comment of TrojanObelix.
		found that date_i18n($format, $timestamp) formats according to the locale, but not the timezone so times and sometimes also dates 
		went wrong, but the newer function wp_date() does, so date_i18n() replaced bij wp_date()
		adjusted use of ID's for the events also to work when lineseperator is \n  in stead of \r\n after seeing example by of TrojanObelix.
		Tested with WP 5.5.3.		
* 1.1.0 parse EXDATE to exclude events from repeat
* 1.0.3 trim only "\n\r\0" and first space but keep last space in Description Summary and Location lines.
        adjustments to correct timezone that is ignored in new datetime when the $time parameter is a UNIX timestamp (e.g. @946684800) 
* 1.0.2 Adjustments for multiline Description, summary or location. Tested with wp 5.2.1.
* 1.0.1 PHP 7.2 deprecated create function changed in anonymous function in widget_init. Tested with wp 5.0.3
* 1.0.0 first version in WP plugin directory, directory and start php renamed after slug simple-google-icalendar-widget
* 0.7.0 BYDAY with DAILY frequency tested. Test code deleted. Present as RC to wordpress.
* 0.6.0 BYDAY and BYMONTHDAY work with complete sorting and unifying in MONTH frequency
        adding class suffixes from setting.
* 0.5.0 BYDAY complete first try with sort tested with wordpress 4.8.3 php 7
* 0.3.5 discard non existent days like 31th november first try with byday
		works als with complete url to ical .ics file.
		renamed plugin to simple-google-i-calendar-widget and 
		renamed references gcal to ical		
* 0.3.3 simple repeating events (only full periods) works* 0.7.0 BYDAY with DAILY frequency tested. Test code deleted. Present as RC to wordpress.
* 0.2.0 starting work on repeating events 
* 0.1.0 Added support for start and end time with timezone
		Changed lay-out of output of teh widget so that is more in line with bootstrap 4 and with the iframe-widget of google
		a lot of small changes eg: better support for events in a timezone and events that last a whole day. Replace escaped chars for summary,
		description and location. Refinements in output HTML.
		renamed starting .php file to simple-google-calendar-widget.php
* 0.0 imported V0.7 of NBoehr

Commit message:

1.2.1
1.2.1 handle not available DTEND => !isset($e->end) in response to a
comment of lillyberger (@lillyberger) on the plugin page, by defaulting
$e->end to DTSTART value.
        tested with https://p24-calendars.icloud.com/holiday/NL_nl.ics

README.md, after:

=== Simple Google iCalendar Widget ===
Contributors: bramwaas
Tags: ical iCalendar GoogleCalendar
Requires at least: 5.3.0
Tested up to: 5.5.3
Requires PHP: 5.3.0
Stable tag: trunk
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html
 
Widget that displays events from a public google calendar or iCal file.
 
== Description ==


Simple widget to display events from a public google calendar, or another iCal file, in the style of your website.

(Eenvoudige widget om gebeurtenissen van een openbare google agenda, of een ander iCal bestand, te tonen in de style van je website.) 

Google offers some HTML snippets to embed your public Google Calendar into your website.
These are great, but as soon as you want to make a few adjustments to the styling, that goes beyond changing some colors, they're not enough.

Because of that Nico Boehr wrote a very simple widget, that fetches events from a public google calendar and nicely displays them in form of a widget, allowing you to apply all kinds of CSS.
I needed support for repeating events so I extended the widget to give limited support for repaeting events, improved the support for timezones and day-light saving, and made the deafult output in line with a bootstrap 4 list.

== Plugin Features ==

* Calendar widget to display appointments/events of a public Google calendar or other iCal file.
* Small footprint, uses only Google ID of the calendar to get event information via iCal
* Output in unorderd list with Bootstrap 4 listgroup classes and toggle for details.

== Installation ==
* Do the usual setup procedure... you know... downloading... unpacking... uploading... activating. 
Or just install it through the wordpress plugin directory.
* As soon as you activated the plugin, you should see a new widget under Design / Widgets.
Just drag it into your sidebar.
* Fill out all the necessary configuration fields.
 Under Calendar ID enter the calendar ID displayed by Google Calendar, or complete url of a  Google calendar or other iCal file.
 You can find Google calendar ID by going to Calendar Settings / Calendars, clicking on the appropriate calendar, scrolling all the way down to find the Calendar ID at the bottom under the Integrate Calendar section. There's your calendar id.
* You're done!

== Documentation ==

* Gets calendar events via iCal url or google calendar ID
* Displays selected number of events, or events in a selected period from now as listgroup-items
* Displays event start-date and summary; toggle details, description, start-, end-time, location. 
* Displays most common repeating events 
* Frequency Yearly, Monthly, Weekly, Dayly (not parsed Hourly, Minutely ...)
* End of repeating by COUNT or UNTIL
* Exclude events on EXDATE from repeat 
* By day month or by monthday (BYDAY, BYMONTH, BYMONTHDAY) no other by
  (not parsed: BYYEARDAY, BYSETPOS, BYHOUR, BYMINUTE, WKST)
* Respects Timezone and Day Light Saving time 

~~~
see http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc5545.txt for specification of te ical format.
(see 3.3.10. [Page 38] Recurrence Rule in specification
  .____________._________.________._________.________.
  |            |DAILY    |WEEKLY  |MONTHLY  |YEARLY  |
  |____________|_________|________|_________|________|   
  |BYMONTH     |Limit    |Limit   |Limit    |Expand  |
  |____________|_________|________|_________|________|
  |BYMONTHDAY  |Limit    |N/A     |Expand   |Expand  |
  |____________|_________|________|_________|________|
  |BYDAY       |Limit    |Expand  |Note 1   |Note 2  |
  |____________|_________|________|_________|________|
 
    Note 1:  Limit if BYMONTHDAY is present; 
             otherwise, special expand for MONTHLY.

    Note 2:  Limit if BYYEARDAY or BYMONTHDAY is present; otherwise,
             special expand for WEEKLY if BYWEEKNO present; otherwise,
             special expand for MONTHLY if BYMONTH present; otherwise,
             special expand for YEARLY.
~~~
(This widget is a Fork of version 0.7 of that simple google calendar widget by NBoehr
https://nl.wordpress.org/plugins/simple-google-calendar-widget/)

== Copyright and License ==

This project is licensed under the [GNU GPL](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html), version 2 or later.
2017&thinsp;&ndash;&thinsp;2019 &copy; [Bram Waasdorp](http://www.waasdorpsoekhan.nl).

== Changelog ==
* 1.2.1 handle not available DTEND => !isset($e->end) in response to a comment of lillyberger (@lillyberger) on the plugin page, by defaulting $e->end to DTSTART value.
        tested with https://p24-calendars.icloud.com/holiday/NL_nl.ics
* 1.2.0 adjustment not to display time on events that have DTSTART in DATE format instead of DATETIME format after a comment of TrojanObelix.
		found that date_i18n($format, $timestamp) formats according to the locale, but not the timezone so times and sometimes also dates 
		went wrong, but the newer function wp_date() does, so date_i18n() replaced bij wp_date()
		adjusted use of ID's for the events also to work when lineseperator is \n  in stead of \r\n after seeing example by of TrojanObelix.
		Tested with WP 5.5.3.		
* 1.1.0 parse EXDATE to exclude events from repeat
* 1.0.3 trim only "\n\r\0" and first space but keep last space in Description Summary and Location lines.
        adjustments to correct timezone that is ignored in new datetime when the $time parameter is a UNIX timestamp (e.g. @946684800) 
* 1.0.2 Adjustments for multiline Description, summary or location. Tested with wp 5.2.1.
* 1.0.1 PHP 7.2 deprecated create function changed in anonymous function in widget_init. Tested with wp 5.0.3
* 1.0.0 first version in WP plugin directory, directory and start php renamed after slug simple-google-icalendar-widget
* 0.7.0 BYDAY with DAILY frequency tested. Test code deleted. Present as RC to wordpress.
* 0.6.0 BYDAY and BYMONTHDAY work with complete sorting and unifying in MONTH frequency
        adding class suffixes from setting.
* 0.5.0 BYDAY complete first try with sort tested with wordpress 4.8.3 php 7
* 0.3.5 discard non existent days like 31th november first try with byday
		works als with complete url to ical .ics file.
		renamed plugin to simple-google-i-calendar-widget and 
		renamed references gcal to ical		
* 0.3.3 simple repeating events (only full periods) works* 0.7.0 BYDAY with DAILY frequency tested. Test code deleted. Present as RC to wordpress.
* 0.2.0 starting work on repeating events 
* 0.1.0 Added support for start and end time with timezone
		Changed lay-out of output of teh widget so that is more in line with bootstrap 4 and with the iframe-widget of google
		a lot of small changes eg: better support for events in a timezone and events that last a whole day. Replace escaped chars for summary,
		description and location. Refinements in output HTML.
		renamed starting .php file to simple-google-calendar-widget.php
* 0.0 imported V0.7 of NBoehr
